Daniel Julie uh thanks for being here uh
we're going to talk about Julie's
progress and uh just a couple other
different things that may help a lot of
people from motivation to scientific
discoveries to uh sticking to it and
doing it right one of the biggest
problems people have
with making progress with any fitness
program weight loss program nutrition uh
they often bear the mark of the last
truck that hit them meaning
they change what they're doing all the
time because they're always hearing a
different
way to do things so and because of the
rapid changes they end up never really
fully understanding where they're
getting any results from and with most
of the programming that they choose they
might get no results so it leaves the
individual sort of spinning their wheels
for a long period of time and never
really getting anywhere and the only
really smashing success stories or when
somebody finds something that really
works
and they just stick to it so Julie
congratulations thank you why don't you
uh you tell a little bit of your story
and if Julie you know if you're a little
bit shy then Daniel's going to ask
questions to get you to uh you know
share the most important stuff
so go ahead okay so basically I um had a
life crisis
um and I ended up in a rehab facility
that also has a long-term care
um side to it and I was consistently 650
pounds
and the highest I ever got up was 700
pounds and
um today I'm 334. now I had worked hard
doing my own bed exercises on my own and
everything and I also had the help of
the rehab staff which Tony
um
basically heads up and he's my physical
therapist and I came here at Paradise
for parents home at October 4th of last
year and then by then I had lost 100
pounds on my own doing exercises and
stuff
but I um just I want to get back to life
so
long and short of it is
um Hal had
contacted Daniel and the three of us
have been a team for for My Success just
to let people know how is the owner of
the of the home where Julie lives um how
he gotten your your X3 system and Daniel
had put me on the carnivore diet with
intermittent fasting at night so it
wasn't as hard as say the daytime and I
had starting I think it was was it four
high carb days three low carb days at
first annual so of course we do three
high for low and we kept some Compass
survivors in uh for the high calorie
days and the four low calorie days you
did no carbohydrates at all only
carnivore diets and you did intermittent
fasting and low days oh man formula day
and on a high calorie days there was no
restriction on timing so you didn't have
to do intermittent fasting but you could
from October 4th till now I've lost I
think I was
um 174 pounds
and it's it's been great it's it's nice
to get back to life like it's nice to
have you know like my face and my neck
showing and just a little correction you
lost 214.
how many
pounds
hey it's a good problem to have when you
can't keep
on October 4th he came at 5 58. yeah
so that's pretty much
tell me a little bit Julie how did X3
help you get from the bed on your feet
how did it help you in moving and
strengthening the body and uh and and
start being a little bit more mobile
okay so the way it helped me was we had
to modify everything for me a little bit
because I still use my Walker I still
um you know I still in a wheelchair but
I I can stand up pretty sturdy and so
the X3 we kind of did modifications
either in my wheelchair or when I had to
stand up I had to make sure that my
Walker or the post in my bed was in
front of me so that I can balance while
somebody else had helped um put the the
bar bring the bar up so that I could use
it but gradually as I got better at it
I'm able to bring the equipment out by
myself and set it up in front of me and
use my Walker still to stand up in
balance for a second and then to like
pull the bar up for the waist to
shoulder exercise and it was funny
because that size that I struggle with
the most Daniel knows I I there's a few
videos of me where I was shaking none of
them are easy yeah can you break down a
little bit more the adjustments uh that
we had to do for your extra exercises so
other people who could be so good to you
could understand what to do with the X3
the X3 has different exercises like one
of them
or I think about three of them where you
use the bar and you have the band behind
you and so instead of being able to
stand like a normal person we had me sit
my wheelchair and do those exercises
yeah and the the I'm sorry I can't
remember the exercise where you pull it
back I'll I'll help you with that go for
it
um where you pull it back we actually
put a clamp on my bed with the band
behind it and the bar so that I can pull
back like the Rose Part Rose yeah
and then um for like I had said for the
the waist to shoulder exercise and the
curls I basically had to have someone
hold my wheelchair for me
while I got up and then I grabbed on my
Walker I stepped up on the little plate
the Plate's not very high so it's it's a
lot easier to step up on and then
someone would hand me the bar
with the band already
um already put underneath it and I would
you know I would lift up as best as I
could but as I got um better at it I was
able to lift up higher and just
advance and dance and that's the thing
that I I really love about it is that it
has different different strength bands
so if your beginner
you can totally begin at the smallest
band and and work your muscles that way
and
um you go I think is that the product
all the way up to 600 pounds resistance
it depends how tall the individual is so
like when Daniel does a deadlift uh
really tall guy so uh he uses the orange
band on a deadlift he's using over 700
pounds
it's you know maybe 650 for me uh but
you know all of it's relative like I
think one of the points
that a casual Observer who's watching
her video here uh may not fully
understand is that X3 is very
accommodating like it allows you to
exhaust yourself with heavy loads
but you know a person in your situation
you might not be able to even work out
with even lightweight loads like in a
gym type environment right right it it
it gives you the opportunity to do a lot
of things that just wouldn't be
practical to do and then you're you're
triggering the growth of muscle which
then becomes the muscle itself becomes a
metabolic engine
that's using more calories and as your
metabolic as you're metabolizing your
body fat it becomes a bigger engine to
help you do that even faster
um you know it's it's one of the
challenges with uh with overweight
people that can't necessarily move
around much
there's not a lot they can do and so
they end up being in a situation where
they can't use a lot of calories during
the day because they're just a mobile
and uh now now we could we engaged your
body I say we I wasn't there I I see
myself inside the product uh so you know
uh that's it's um one of those
situations where
you're just getting that Amplified
benefit yeah yeah that's great can you
break down a little bit how did you
train your lower body how did you train
your legs so people who are you know in
a similar position like you should
understand how to incorporate light
exercises in their routine
okay so how I trained it was one one big
thing is the squats like the squat with
the bar you're supposed to stand up onto
the plate with the band and squat like I
couldn't do that because of my fitness
level
so what we would have people do is hold
my chair so it's sturdy enough and I
would do what they call sit to stand
sit-to-stands is is very something
something that they use a lot in
physical therapy it's just basically
where you stand up and you sit down and
you stand up and sit down and that helps
you strengthen your legs in a squat type
of way and the beginnings of it you know
but also
um Daniel had me walking a lot more
um and so I you know there's a video of
me on my Instagram where I in the
driveway walking back and forth and I
actually had my wheelchair backed up
against the house so that I could walk a
distance walk back and sit down and rest
until my body was okay enough to get up
and walk down there and walk back again
and to just keep doing that just laps
like that and especially obese people
that cannot
um do a lot of exercises the most
important point is you do what you can
because if you don't use it you will
lose it and so you do not you you do
what you can and as your body gets
better
it will do more and that's the miracle
of the body you know that that it
strengthens and it becomes stronger and
you know when um Hal had
um brought the X3 he said to watch a
video on it and so I watched a video on
it and I was very impressed how it
exhausts the muscles at certain points
and it gives you that muscle strength
workout without like you said where you
don't have to weight lift so there's
somebody like like me that's just
beginning to get back into exercising
and in that in that sense of trying to
do resistance bands or weights and I
think it's a lot safer because you're
not gonna like if you fall heaven forbid
you're not gonna have like
like this huge bar and weights on the
end of it all on top of you right you
know it's a resistance thing so if it's
too much you just let go a little and
you're fine you know just put it down
and the weight becomes zero
yeah right can you can you describe
Julie how how fast have you noticed any
benefits and changes after you started
the program the whole nutrition fast the
next week and how quickly would you say
you started noticing changes in your
body well I started noticing
um
just basically first the face the face I
I had I had to double chin like I I wish
I had a picture to show you guys from
last year because I was really chunky in
the face and had a double chin you know
that was even after I lost 100 pounds
but like um your face gets thinner at
first it starts thinning out and then
your legs get a little bit thinner and
then your arms so that's the that's the
wonderful part about losing weight
losing like strength training is just to
like discover what yourself looks like
underneath all that yeah what do you
think the time frame would be when you
started noticing those changes and how
many weeks have you started feeling like
something is changing
I'd say like
probably three weeks three weeks like I
could definitely feel the the difference
with the carnivore guy in
um
sometimes it's a blur a little bit
because of everything but well I mean
like if you look at everything you've
been through you went from being stuck
in bed
to being freed from that right that it's
you got your life back so uh Daniel and
I are so proud of you he's been giving
me the details as you probably
it's one of the hardest things to do
because
food is now designed to be addictive
yeah uh and and like I I make sure that
anyone who's overweight uh or be like
comes to the company or I end up talking
to like
I never want people to blame themselves
though accountability is very important
like you can be accountable for fixing
the problem but
in when you look at how foods have been
engineered I mean and I'm talking about
packaged Foods here you know not not
vegetables or fruits or meat it's it's
the stuff that uh is actually engineered
so that you have one and you don't want
to stop beating them and uh it's they
are working
and using drug addiction as a benchmark
like give that some thought like people
hooked on you know whether it's opiates
or whatever that's the Benchmark that a
lot of food scientists are using and
this is their mandate this is their job
they're paid to do design food so that
when you start eating it you have a lot
of trouble stopping and um
then then
it happened to you it's happened you
know hundreds of thousands of other
people where all of a sudden your life
completely changes
yeah and you're stuck
and it most of the cases are not
necessarily as dramatic as yours but you
know I've seen people uh unable to get
in and out of certain Automobiles and
it's like it's embarrassing and it's
it's like you know when people start to
blame themselves and it's like just all
you gotta do is what you did you take
accountability you say okay I can fix
this problem
and you and you just once you make that
decision you can do it yeah Julie can
you tell us a little bit more about the
thought process behind what John just
described how to trigger yourself and
make yourself
to start working towards the change what
goes through your mind how do you mate
yourself
so to to do the work
so basically I think you have to find a
big enough reason that works for you
like for me in all honesty it was that
I wanted my life back because someday I
really want to be a wife and a mother
there's no way I can be that when I'm
being taken care of in bed because I
can't move you know what it means so you
first of all have to have a big enough
reason second of all I think like
Journeys when they say it begins with
the Thousand Little Steps that's the
thing it's the little things that you do
every single day like you pick one and
you work on it you know what I mean
you're not gonna be perfect ever it's
okay and it's okay to say I messed up
it's okay let me try again you know and
I think that's the most important part
is you have to remember that that food
and exercise go together you can't just
have one or the other they they're
they're a couple okay there are a couple
that just can't be separated
and
um you you have to
do things
for yourself to to try to be healthier
and try to make good choices and try to
say okay I'm gonna I'm gonna try to
exercise again today or but yes
definitely a big enough reason you know
and you find that reason
yeah
you have lost over now over 214 pounds
in six months billion you are the
biggest transformation I had a pleasure
to be part of
and the quickest the biggest and the
quickest over 214 right now which is
right now even lower than your weight
loss
tell us a little bit more about the
challenges that you have faced on this
journey what challenges were you facing
so um
phase one thing was
when I was in the facility the food was
not nutritious at all so that's that's
one thing that I faced I had to use my
own pocket money to buy healthy food so
that I could try to lose that first
Sunday 100 pounds the secondly things
that I face was just learning for one
thing that cardio does not make you
really lose weight it's great for the
heart but building up that muscle is you
know is what's gonna like burn all that
fat and that's gonna and I had to learn
that the hard way because I was I was um
I had a Fitbit and I literally was doing
modified exercises in bed following a
YouTube video for 600 calorie burn and I
have pictures on my Instagram of me
showing that I've earned a thousand
calories but I'm like why am I still
gaining weight you know even though I
was trying to do food properly and the
exercise part so
that's a big challenge is learning that
building that muscles and working and
that's so there's there's two things you
said
that are really important that you
understand and I want to make sure that
everybody who sees this understands
those things
you stop seeing like you knew you needed
nutritious book
wasn't being provided for you
people need to stop viewing eating as
they're entertainment you know when you
watch a movie that's entertaining when
you're eating you're you're giving your
body the nutrients it needs to either
survive poorly or Thrive and be
phenomenal
uh and when you think of it that way the
choice is really easy like carnivore
nutrition is you know now people are
like well how would you rank carnivore
nutrition against some of the other you
know diets that we see out there it's
sort of like okay carnivore nutrition is
phenomenal and uh I don't really see any
other approaches even worth talking
about
uh because that's where our nutrition
comes from comes from animal protein and
the associated vitamins and minerals
that are that are in uh animal protein
and there are you know the fact that for
two million years humans were the apex
predator on Earth uh you know that's all
we ate and um
just keeping in mind that you knew you
needed the nutrition
which means that you flipped a switch in
your head which says
what I'm eating is not for my
entertainment
it is fuel for what my body needs yeah
that is absolutely profound
and the other thing it's it seems like
you've got to get to a point where
you're just absolutely sick and tired of
the direction you were going yeah yeah
that's that's the you know a lot of
people need to have a heart attack
before they come to that realization
now they have a damaged cardiac system
and and then they realize like I I don't
want to end up like this
you know I don't I I don't want to you
know miss out on on life I want to be
able to participate in everything and uh
yeah you were just you probably just
woke up one morning and you said I am so
sick of this [__]
and I'm gonna fix it and uh that's
that's what it takes that that that
moment and that moment is becomes a
chain reaction and all the other moments
and you're right sometimes you do uh
have a day where you're like wow I
really kind of miscounted my calories
here or you know all right here's one I
I had this discussion with my wife I had
no idea there were so many carbohydrates
in a lime
like a line that's it the perseverance
is absolutely fantastic but I I have a
question so
I want you to think back on when you're
700 pounds that was your biggest right
yeah right
and how you felt versus how you feel
today
is it just absolute nine day difference
oh my gosh like it was miserable it was
so miserable because you just you're
swelled up with water you're just
it's miserable it's miserable to be in
that state you know
I can't even tell you the depth of hell
that that happens when you get that big
well I mean that's that's when people
have trouble breathing
human bodies formed we have a void in
our chest that is not uh you know like
like when we lift weights often we or do
X3 you pull in air and then you hold
your breath for a second it's called the
valsalva maneuver but it basically keeps
the middle of your body rigid
so there's not an air void in here
but
people do that so there's more
structural Integrity of the body
um but when you're when somebody is is
that overweight
your that air void that is your lungs is
actually being pushed on by your body
weight and you can't even access your
lung capacity which means you're not
getting the proper amount of blood to
the uh or oxygenated blood to the brain
and you're thinking like I I'm sure that
your memories from the time when you
were that size will always be sort of
hazy
because your brain wasn't even getting
enough oxygen I don't think people
realize just how hard on the body that
is and uh and now you're you're an
absolute expert to talk about that
because like all the memories you're
creating now you'll remember them
forever yeah yeah your brain's getting
on oxygen
I have a question for you Julie so how
did you deal with the trade winds the
Cravings after foods that you used to
eat because you got up to the 700 pounds
by eating you know different kinds of
foods that you're eating right now and
and you made a rapid change the
life-changing change so tell me what
about Cravings how did you how did you
feel about trading how did you not eat
the foods that you used to eat
so
one of the biggest things that I was a
fan of
was does have a lot of calories and
they're bad on your heart and so they're
bad on your heart like energy energy
drinks okay what used to be your
favorite brand
yeah my favorite one
which energy drink did you go for
monster
that was mine it's like the worst one
oh that is so funny yeah like
um and that's another thing that's
designed to be highly addictive
yeah
oh I'm so sorry I didn't mean to
interrupt you
um the way I gave up monsters
was like literally I was in the hospital
and from cellulitis again that's part of
the hell that I speak of you get
cellulitis your blood can go sepsis from
having this it's a skin infection that
like
makes your skin hot and red and then
oozes out and then dries up like a
sunburn and then you're done but it you
you reach like you can reach over like
101 up or above fever and then you're in
the hospital
so I was in the hospital for cellulitis
they turned me my heart went out of
rhythm they actually had to do the
procedure to stop and shock my heart now
the injections slowed it down enough to
where my heart went back into Rhythm and
um and then after that it was awful
because
they sent hospice to me like literally
for some months I was sent hospice to
and
um I thought I was gonna die I was like
okay this is my exam since this is how
it ends but I was like uh no more
monsters for me that that is it no more
and
um
and so me being able to work out
in my bed and take that away off the
table
I actually ended up going back to the to
the the cardiologists like
a year or whatever like close to a year
later and they said my heart was fine
that I had like helped it back to health
yeah so I took an extreme situation for
you to give it up yeah
it's just like John mentioned before
sometimes it's hard at that yeah that
was your moment where you're like I'm
sick of this
right well I think of the monsters part
but like I had been trying to like
constantly
um do better in food all the time you
know what I mean so I switched to
Powerade
and then
got rid of Powerade but like
but it's just it's just you know one
thing I would like to mention though
is it is very important when you're
doing this especially for a person that
ends up obese or even if you have like a
stress eating problem you really should
get a good therapist
because I think a lot of the times I was
thinking about this this morning
my experience was I wasn't when I was
younger really allowed to State my needs
or state
this is my boundaries and so I think
sometimes
I think that we end up gaining weight
because we're not able to
to stand up for ourselves because we're
not either taught or not allowed to and
I think sometimes when people have
weight problems they might have the same
thing that I did where I just you know
but as I learn to take care of my body I
learn about boundaries okay I'm not
gonna you know let this person treat me
this way I feel better about myself like
physically and in in Beauty wipes you
know what I mean and you feel more Pride
for yourself
so sometimes you need that
uh let me let me share a story with you
and uh I
I haven't talked about this in a long
time but and I'm not sure if I'm allowed
to mention this doctor's name because uh
he ended up selling his clinic and uh he
signed like a non-compete when he sold
his uh is he and his wife a weight loss
clean so I'm just not going to make
but what he told me was that in in
he said that you know somebody who's
carrying an extra 20 pounds of body fat
uh yeah it's just because they're not
really paying attention to what they're
eating maybe know enough about nutrition
or they're just sort of eating what's
been put in front of them
but when people are 200 300 pounds
overweight he said
it is the psychology
that is the problem because what they're
doing is they're using food to medicate
something
so and I I think you just told me like
you had been in situations where you
felt like those situations were out of
control
and eating is satisfying you could
control that
so you replace your control mechanism
with
I can eat whatever I want so I feel
better
and you know that's obviously highly
damaging but that wasn't what was in
your head at the time
so that's why that ends up happening and
then of course you end up choosing foods
that are addictive because that's what
everybody ends up you know no one no one
ever uh became morbidly obese because
they just really liked eating apples
you know like it's like it's it's the
addictive just the food you just can't
stop eating and uh so those two things
end up going hand in hand and that
that's when it it becomes out of control
but
um being aware of the fact that
you know
people can use food to medicate
something and the fact that you can
decide to not be pushed around
or not be treated a certain way and you
don't need to go eat something you just
need to not be pushed around right like
it it was probably a brutal mental
exercise to get to that conclusion
true yeah yeah yeah I agree I love that
point now Julie that's that's everything
in your past now tell us a little bit
more about your future your dreams
what's out there for you look at her
look at it right now
right now
right now the future is so bright that's
why she's laughing this is the exciting
part I love hearing about your dreams
and about and about your future Vision
because I feel like every person who was
or who is in a shoes where you were uh
needs to hear that they need to think
about future Envision and dreams so tell
us about yours yeah so so I have a
boyfriend I'm not gonna say names right
now because it'll be revealed probably
later in my life you know who it is
but like he's the sweetest man in the
face of this planet you know what I mean
like he is a little really literally
like the person that I've always wanted
you know the person that I was always
searching for and I can't wait to have a
future with him and I also
have so many ideas like
um and dreams and aspirations that only
become better when I'm able to walk
without a walker and I'm you know able
to be fully independent and that's part
of my dream and you know I really
if I start crying please forgive me I'm
a girl
I have a really soft spot for the
military my boyfriend's military man my
father he was a Vietnam veteran
but one thing that really gets me
is how we have veterans on the street
that don't have homes that they've went
through unspeakable things to make sure
that I
am sleeping at night and safe you know
that just like stabs me in the heart
that they're out there like that so one
thing that I hope to learn is I hope to
start learning how to make a lot of
money but not just for myself also
different Endeavors so that I can
actually have land to farm vegetables
and fruits and
um have you know have just start feeding
veterans on the street and the more
money you make the more I want to invest
the more making more so that I can start
like hopefully a nationwide thing of
making homes for veterans where they can
go and also making them feel like
they're wanted and they're needed in
this Society by giving them jobs to help
other veterans that are out there or or
some they're protectors they're natural
protectors you know what I mean so give
them something to protect again
something for them again and just but
also I want to help other people that
are bariatric or having a hard time with
their weight and let them know you can
have your dreams you can you can have
everything that you wanted like I
totally prayed to God please help me up
this mountain of my weight and he helped
me you know what I mean that message
needs to go out to other people if it if
you turn to God or whoever is your
higher source that you believe in
that they will help you and have that
Faith you know that in your heart but
also just like I I've always wanted to
be a story writer for children's stories
and young adult stories and
um just I want to live by the ocean
somewhere
and because I I've always loved the
ocean it's so funny I've always loved it
but I've been in Arizona and I never
thought that I'd be able to see it
because I lived in a little compromising
town if that's where I grew up so I'm
like I'm never gonna see that
but I did get to see it like twice
twice so I want to live by the ocean but
you know I want things to just get
better I want to be able to have
children I want to be able to serve
people and I think that's the biggest
thing is you can't serve people when you
have a weight problem when everyone else
has to take care of you but it's not to
be able to give
people hope and it's nice to be able to
to help people out and it doesn't have
to be
this major big thing sometimes it's as
simply as just like helping out your
neighbor
you know or or look you know observe
around you and see what is working in
somebody's life and help help them get
that you know love it so that's why I
brought it up because I know I'm full of
dreams and Visions you are I love the
vision especially about the veterans we
just got to work on the vegetable and
fruit Parts because if you truly want to
feed them we've got to ditch you some
cows and stuff
again amazing amazing I love listening
to historians or dreams and and also to
your business desires it's incredible
because like you said if you don't make
a lot of money you don't have resources
to help all those people and this this
Vision also fuels your heart so you can
keep going and keep moving forward and
keep losing weight so
um I also I'd like to mention that we
have a plan of getting the skin removal
surgery at about 180 which we're hoping
we're going to remove about 40 pounds of
the skin and we're gonna we're gonna get
Julie down to about 140.
um we'll see how the 40 looks like but
ideally about year five usually five
four five two four eleven and a half
so yeah we're shooting for about a 120.
120 body weight so at about 180 start
doing the procedures and 120 is where
Julie should really be uh for rest of
her life so we got about you know 200
more pounds to go from here but uh what
was the most beautiful part about this
transformation is that you're already
50 and further you're not 50 below
you're 50 inverter because now you only
got about 200 pounds to lose
you already over a 214 down so you're
close to instead of goal that's your
previous body that you had so I'm very
proud of you for doing that
um thank you so much Julie for joining
us for today's podcast your story is
incredibly encouraging to everybody who
suffers from the Obesity like you
suffered I think you helped a lot of
people understand what to do and what to
think about and how to change their
mindset when they want to start their
Journey because I believe every single
person who is in the shoes where you
were is always thinking about it that I
can to live like this I know I didn't
have much time I know my heart will give
up at some point it will and uh these
people are thinking about it constantly
and it states Someone Like You Who steps
out of that Circle and and tells their
story and shares their story uh openly
to make them think about their choices
and made them think about their journey
and and made the major change so I think
you can be a superhero for people like
that because they're going to trust you
a lot more than they trust me you know
I've been a bodybuilder I've been a
strong muscular guy my whole life and
and those people might think uh like
okay what does he know about obesity
right but if they look at someone like
you well she was in our shoes she
understands how we feel she knows how
the life is about uh being a beast so
our goal eventually is is to get Julie
to lose over 300 pounds in a year write
a book make it public and get a lot of
publicity around Julia so she can start
helping people and pursue with her goals
because if you drop over 300 pounds in
one year that's a national story that's
that's that's that's absolutely insane
if you if you play the game of marketing
and publicity right everybody can know
about this and deserves to know about
this because that's right I have not
heard about storylines you watch my 600
pound life uh they don't get results
like this because those people don't
have mindset like you do that's why I
think you're a very special special and
uh you know the direction that you're
heading is just incredible uh uh to be
part of so thank you so much Julie for
coming today thank you
I'll see you later guys now we did one
thanks guys
have a good day
[Music]
thank you